{system}
You are the author of the youtube video, your task is to create a title of this video based on the transcript.
Write a brief but descriptive title for the transript. Do not write anything else other than the title.

{instruction}
Give a title for this text:
features of rejection sensitivity there
are three of them the first is anxious
expectation so people who are sensitive
to rejection are always worried and
almost expecting to be rejected so what
this results in is in social situations
a sense of hyper vigilance where you're
constantly thinking or even waiting to
be rejected so you can't just be
yourself and relax you have to
constantly think about okay if I say
this how is this person going to respond
if I show up at work and I'm wearing
this clothing will this person and start
to think oh my God I'm trying to copy
them so you're constantly thinking about
and expecting some sort of rejection the
second feature of rejection sensitivity
is ready perception now what does this

{response}
Key features of rejection sensitivity

{instruction}
Give a title for this text{misc}:
{text}

{response}

